fix: prereq, and whitelisting (#275)
bobanetwork/boba: .gitbook/contents/hc/README.md

Before you begin, make sure you have the following prerequisites in place:

- Python or TypeScript (backend)
- TypeScript, React (frontend)
- Solidity tools (e.g. Foundry, Hardhat)
- Docker (optional)

> - You also need to get your project whitelisted (request access on [Telegram](https://t.me/+mf_-jwCkqOU3NmVh))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Whitelist your project; request access on [Telegram](https://t.me/+mf_-jwCkqOU3NmVh)
```
